docs: Update the environment variables used for Mercure (#1432)
api-platform/docs: core/mercure.md

composer require symfony/mercure-bundle
```

> Finally, 3 environment variables [must be set](See configuring Symfony with environment variables https://symfony.com/doc/current/configuration.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, 3 environment variables [must be set](https://symfony.com/doc/current/configuration.html#configuration-based-on-environment-variables):
```

* `MERCURE_URL`: the URL that must be used by API Platform to publish updates to your Mercure hub (can be an internal or a public URL)
* `MERCURE_PUBLIC_URL`: the **public** URL of the Mercure hub that clients will use to subscribe to updates
* `MERCURE_JWT_SECRET`: a valid Mercure [JSON Web Token (JWT)](https://jwt.io/) allowing API Platform to publish updates to the hub

> 
> Api Platform uses the Symfony Mercure component. For more information, see https://symfony.com/doc/current/mercure.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
